funny to think about this first of all
how the runs of the putter scottdale
stand up yeah how does other beanies
that came out so far well here's the
tricky part really not much of a
comedian and to be honest I've never
done any acting I know the first type of
clue how to write a joke pretty much
left but anyway kind of seems like a
tough crowd tonight I really didn't want
to have to do this I really didn't have
to actually you know I got some
standards like I said it's a tough crowd
and the only thing I could think of to
do was be a grown man and Sita's I think
you know why is not everybody laughing
what's up what's not funny about 35 year
old man in her speedos and we're gonna
have to do something I chosen I just
have one goal I just want to get as a
CEO one or two ass fucking in Revere all
right get that new dream anyway so we're
not very far along into this you know I
guess I go bad I gotta say one thing I
was totally wrong about this is here be
awesome
all right whatever going far like this
so not everybody clapping so how the
grown man is beaten us Johnny Cash and
that's what we can throw bananas but now
i'm going to make room because that may
get confused i really like from him it
is amen we're gonna fight it yet
we got a request yeah come on somebody
fucking loony give me a request this
much may I know it's all nuts but that's
all right Oh room and his beetle fucked
up that time but can't do very good
splinter all right all right the other
bag of tricks
all right who here let's see grown man
has beaten jungle the only catch is
grown man and feet oh no I can meet in
he's got a juggler but we're gonna give
it a try I have to hear you have a part
well you guys think of something else I
think
stuff like this is going to make this
the most fun open mic ever I just came
back to our earlier conversation that's
a female boner i'm here at home and show
them below the waist speedos not your
thing dude i'm very nine you're his life
who wants to see my shit seriously
yeah we didn't have a lot yelps tears
I'm not a gun out of gay guy but I'm not
I'm not like curious like sex or a guy
yeah but you know what some new props a
shame it's like